Soup Ingredients
6 tablespoons - Unsalted Butter: Split into two groups

2 tablespoons - Flour

Salt & Pepper to Taste

2 Stalks - Celery: Chopped
2 - Carrots: Chopped
2 - Turnips: Peeled, 1 inch cubes
1 - Red Onion: Chopped
1 teaspoon - Thyme, fresh
1/4 cup - Parsley, fresh: Chopped

2 15.5 oz cans, lentils: Undrained

3/4 lbs - ham steak, boneless: 3/4 inch cubes

1/2 Baguette: 1/2 inch cubes

Soup Steps:
  1. Heat 1/2 butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the celery, carrots, turnips, and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until they start browning
      About 8 minutes
    Add Flour and thyme, cook, stirring, until flour is incorporated.
      About 2 minutes
    Stir in 4 cups of hot water until smooth

  2. Add ham and lentils. Increase the heat to medium high and bring just to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low so the soup is gently simmering. Cook stirring occasionally until the soup thickens slightly and the lentils are creamy
      About 7 minutes

  3. Melt second half of butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the baguette cubes, sprinkle with parsley, s&p. Cook stirring until lightly toasted
      About 7 minutes
    Serve Soup topped with croutons

Smashed Potatoes Ingredients
2 tablespoons - Unsalted Butter
1/2 cup - Sour Cream

Salt for boiling the potatoes
Salt & Pepper to Taste
1 tablespoon paprika
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper

1 lb - Baby Red Potatoes: halved or quartered
3 - Scallions: Sliced
2 teaspoons - Thyme, fresh: Chopped

1 1/2 cups (About 6 ounces) - Lima Beans: Frozen and then Thawed

Potato Steps:
  1. Put the potatoes in a saucepan; cover with cold water by 1 inch and season with salt. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to medium and simmer.
      Simmer for about 8 minutes
    Add lima beans, simmer until the potatoes are tender
      about 4 minutes
    Reserve 1/4 cup of cooking water, then drain and return potatoes and lima beans back to the pan. Add Sour Cream, 1 tablespoon butter and the reserved cooking water. Season and smash. Stir in scallions and remaining butter and serve.